<div class="section">

<div class="titlepage">

<div>

<div>

<span id="introducing_pickitplus"></span>Introducing PICKitPlus
----------------------------------------------------------------

</div>

</div>

</div>

PICKitPlus is software that interfaces with the PICKit2 and PICkit3
device programmers.

PICKitPlus software enables you to easily program, read and verify your
projects code when using microcontrollers and EEPROMs.

The PICKitPlus development team also design and manufacture hardware
like LCD controllers and sensors that make IoT development easier.

PICKitPlus software aims to help you avoid the complexities of complex
software by making things easy.   Our software is the easiest way to
work with microcontrollers and EEPROMs.   PICKitPlus software leverages
the investment made in the PICKit 2 and PICKit 3 programmers to reduce
the learning curve and the development time, and our hardware solutions
are kits that are easy to build then you can integrate the solutions
into your projects.

The PICKitPlus development team are UK based team.   We design, develop
and support our solutions from the UK.   We operate UK business hours,
but, to fulfill the needs of the global customers we are often available
out of hours.

  

<span class="strong">**PICKitPlus portfolio of applications**</span>

Our software supports Windows XP to Windows 10, Linux and Raspberry
Pi.   To see the specifics of an application use this Help.  

We support our portfolio applications and the associated parts
database  -  we license per named user, the license includes one year of
application support and we also provide free updates to the parts
database as we add more parts.

  

<span class="strong">**Contacting the PICKitPlus development
team**</span>

Email on <pickitplus@anobium.co.uk>, or,

You can call us on +44 (0)1483 610159 24 hours a day, if we are there,
we will answer, else, leave us a message with your contact information
and we can get back to you.

</div>
